rfc-10, serialization (#106)
tango-controls/rfc: 10/RequestReply.md

#### Cache

#### Serialization

The Serialization Mode defines how the Device Server handles multiple requests. 

> The Serialization SHALL apply to all requests independently of a request origin (network, the same machine, the same Device Server process). 

Reviewer: Suggest to rephrase as:
s/network, the same machine/any network host, localhost/

Author: ```suggestion
The Serialization SHALL apply to all requests independently of a request origin (any network host, localhost, the same Device Server process). 
```

A Device Server MAY handle requests with the following Serialization Modes:
* Serialization by Device
* Serialization by Class
* Serialization by Process
* No Serialization

> If Device Server is set to Serialization by Device:

Reviewer: s/If a Device/When a Device/

Author: ```suggestion
When a Device Server is set to Serialization by Device:
```

* it SHALL process requests to each Device in the order of requests arrival,

> * for any of Devices, it MUST NOT start the processing of a new request until the processing of the previous request is not finished,

Reviewer: s/for any of Devices/for any Device in the Device Server/

Author: ```suggestion
* for any Device in the Device Server, it MUST NOT start the processing of a new request until the processing of the previous request is not finished,
```

> * it MAY process multiple requests in parallel, providing that there is maximum one processed request per a Device.

Reviewer: Not sure we use MAY here.. .as the serialization happens at Device level, so it MUST be in parallel for all the Devices

Author: I think `MUST` would be to strong, as the parallel processing is controlled by an operating system and it is up to its scheduler.

> If Device Server is set to Serialization by Class:

Reviewer: s/If a Device/When a Device/

Author: ```suggestion
When a Device Server is set to Serialization by Class:
```

* it SHALL process requests to each set of Devices belonging to the same Class in the order of requests arrival,
* for each Device Class, it MUST NOT start the processing of a new request until the processing of the previous request is not finished,

> * it MAY process multiple requests in parallel, providing that there is maximum one processed request per Device Class.

Reviewer: Same consideration here... should't this read MUST ?

If Device Server is set to Serialization by Process:
* it SHALL process requests in the order of requests arrival,
* it MUST NOT start the processing of a new request until the processing of the previous request is not finished,

The Device Server SHOULD process requests as soon as possible. If an incoming request cannot be processed due to Device Server 
Serialisation Mode it SHOULD be queued for later processing and served as soon as possible.

If Device Server is set to No Serialization it MAY process any requests in parallel. 

> It is NOT RECOMMENDED to use No Serialization mode. 

Reviewer: I'd rephrase this, adding some explanation... what about:
"It is NOT RECOMMENDED to use No Serialization mode, unless the developer takes care of managing any concurrent access to the Device data structures." or something similar...

Reviewer: I'd also add:
 The default serialization Mode is "Serialization by Device".

Author: ```suggestion
It is NOT RECOMMENDED to use No Serialization mode. 

The default serialization Mode is "Serialization by Device".
```
